The Regional Municipality of Peel is requesting proposals from qualified vendors to provide detailed design, contract administration, and supervision of various retaining walls within the Region of Peel on Projects 15-4880, 15-4520 & 16-4520. Vendors must submit pricing for all goods and/or services described in the proposal, in accordance with all stated terms and conditions. Submissions must be received by 12:00 noon local time on Monday, April 23, 2018. Any vendor who requests and/or receives any information, by any person other than the purchasing analyst or designate, may be disqualified from further consideration. The Agency reserves the right to award the contract in its entirety or in part to one or more vendors in accordance with its requirements.

New Section Summary 

The successful vendor/consultant shall identify the qualifications of any sub-vendors retained to complete the investigation. The sub-consultant/vendor shall verify the minutes of utility meetings. The vendor shall provide the agency with a comprehensive status update of all regulatory and permitting requirements and, should any new requirements become evident, provide a viable strategy to obtain these in a timely manner. The vendor shall identify and document all utility conflicts and possible relocation, and verify that the proposed utility works comply with the selected preferred design and any required utility standards. The vendor shall complete the detailed design of the project, including all required drawings, details, and specifications, and obtain all necessary approvals and permits. The vendor shall prepare the final design drawings and documentation in compliance with appropriate industry standards and current agency policies and practices. The vendor shall provide contract administration and construction inspection and supervision services, including environmental, structural, and electrical inspection services. The vendor shall also be responsible for monitoring the quality of the contractor's work and ensuring that the contractor has adequate health and safety training. 

Would you like me to elaborate on any of the aforementioned sections?

New Section Summary 

The Regional Municipality of Peel, located in Southern Ontario, is seeking proposals from qualified consultants to provide detailed design, contract administration, and supervision of various retaining walls within the Region of Peel. The project includes 15-4880, 15-4520 & 16-4520 and the term of the contract will be 14 months from commencement.

The proposal submission requirements include the following:
1. Understanding of the project: The proposal should demonstrate the vendor's understanding of the project based on the information provided and include an indication of the nature of the work, approach to meeting the overall objectives, and any anticipated conflicts or problems related to the implementation of the project.
2. Vendor's project team and experience: The prime consultant must be a firm of professional engineers responsible for the entire project, including preliminary design, quality control, document production, and overall project management. The proposal should include a brief synopsis of the firm's background and areas of expertise, recently undertaken similar projects, associated engineering fees, and key personnel assigned to those projects.
3. Project experience: Consultants shall provide project description sheets for similar bridge structure detailed design, contract administration, and inspection projects carried out by the vendor.
4.

New Section Summary 

This document outlines the terms and conditions for the procurement of goods and services for the Region of Peel. The vendor is responsible for complying with all applicable laws and by-laws. In the event of any inconsistency or conflict in the document, the vendor must perform the work as if it had been specified and cannot claim any variation. The vendor must also indemnify and hold harmless the agency, its officers, directors, and employees from all claims, costs, expenses, demands, losses, and disbursements arising from their acts or omissions. The vendor must also guarantee against defective goods and services and repair any damage for which they are responsible. 

The vendor must also maintain the confidentiality of all information provided by the agency, including proprietary, commercial, or other confidential information. The agency may terminate the contract if the vendor fails to comply with one or more terms. The agency may also withhold payment in part at its discretion in the case of non-performance. This document, the vendor's submission, and the contract shall be governed by the laws of the province of Ontario. 

In the event that any provision of the contract is held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.

New Section Summary 

As part of the Region of Peel's CAD standards, several requirements must be met for all CAD drawings. These include details such as the correct file names, file structure, sewer requirements, watermain requirements, legal survey requirements, and title records/property plans. 

All CAD files must be named according to the assigned Region of Peel drawing number. All final CAD files must be in Version 8 format and all drawings must be in model space. All drawings must also adhere to the Region of Peel level structure, which outlines required levels for features such as roads, driveways, hydrants, and watermains. 

Sewer requirements include showing all "as-built" invert elevations and if there is a difference of more than 150 mm, the affected portions of the sewer must be redrawn. If there is a maintenance hole location that differs by more than 750 mm, it must also be redrawn in both the plan and profile. The type of maintenance hole constructed must also be indicated. 

Watermain requirements include things such as if the alignment or profile of the watermain differs by more than 150 mm, the new offsets must be indicated on both the plan and profile and also redrawn.

New Section Summary 

This agreement is made between the Region and the Consultant. The Consultant will provide services as outlined in Schedule A in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement. The Consultant shall replace any staff member who does not comply with the terms of this agreement. The Region will pay the Consultant for the services performed as outlined in Schedule B. The Consultant will keep and maintain full, detailed, and complete records and accounts of all costs in accordance with the Region's requirements. The Region or its agent shall have the right to inspect and audit all such records at all reasonable times. Records include but are not limited to books, payroll, accounts, receipts, timesheets, correspondence, and memoranda. This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ontario and Canada. Both parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally attorn to the jurisdiction of the courts of Ontario.